generator/prompts/short.md, before:

Write a brief, concise article about: {topic}

**Article Style: Short (400-700 words)**
- Brief overview format
- Focus on key takeaways
- Quick, actionable insights
- Concise paragraphs

{lensPrompt}

{voiceGuidance}

**Perspective Context:**
{if perspective}This is perspective {perspective} of {totalPerspectives} on this topic. Keep it concise while maintaining your unique lens/angle and voice.{/if}

**Angle: {angle}**
{tone}

**Requirements:**

**Title**: Clear, direct title (50-60 characters)
**Excerpt**: One sentence hook (100-120 characters)
**Content**: 400-700 word article in HTML format

**Structure:**
1. **Introduction** (50-80 words): Direct opening, main point
2. **Main Section** (300-500 words): Key insights, 1-2 subheadings
3. **Conclusion** (50-100 words): Summary and takeaway

**Style Guidelines:**
- Concise and to the point
- Clear, straightforward language
- Bullet points where helpful
- Actionable takeaways

**Output Format:**
JSON with:
{
  "title": "Your title",
  "excerpt": "One sentence",
  "content": "<html>Article content</html>"
}

Then provide the HTML content.

Commit message:

Add progress bar for site instance generation
- Install cli-progress library for progress tracking
- Create progress bar utility module (generator/utils/progress.js)
- Integrate progress bars into create-site.js for site instance creation
- Add progress tracking to bulk.js for article generation
- Add progress tracking to build.js for site building
- Progress bars show during site instance creation, article generation, and site building when called from create-site.js

generator/prompts/short.md, after:

Write a brief, concise article about: {topic}

**Article Style: Short (400-700 words)**
- Brief overview format
- Focus on key takeaways
- Quick, actionable insights
- Concise paragraphs

{lensPrompt}

{voiceGuidance}

**Perspective Context:**
{if perspective}This is perspective {perspective} of {totalPerspectives} on this topic. Keep it concise while maintaining your unique lens/angle and voice.{/if}

**Angle: {angle}**
{tone}

**Requirements:**

**Title**: Clear, direct title (50-60 characters)
**Excerpt**: One sentence hook (100-120 characters)
**Content**: 400-700 word article in HTML format

**Structure:**
1. **Introduction** (50-80 words): Direct opening, main point
2. **Main Section** (300-500 words): Key insights, 1-2 subheadings
3. **Conclusion** (50-100 words): Summary and takeaway

**CRITICAL QUALITY CONSTRAINTS:**

**Forbidden Phrases (STRICTLY AVOID):**
- "delve into," "it's important to note," "furthermore," "moreover"
- "it's worth noting," "it's crucial that," "in conclusion," "to summarize"
- "as we can see," "various aspects," "numerous studies," "experts agree"
- "in today's world," "unlock the potential," "game-changer"
- Any vague language without specific backing

**Style Guidelines:**
- Concise and to the point—every word must earn its place
- Clear, straightforward language—no academic jargon
- Bullet points where helpful—but make each point specific
- Actionable takeaways—concrete, not abstract
- **Specificity required**: Name companies, studies, or experts when making claims
- **Natural voice**: Write as an expert explaining to a colleague
- **Active voice**: 90% active voice, avoid passive constructions

**Output Format:**
JSON with:
{
  "title": "Your title",
  "excerpt": "One sentence",
  "content": "<html>Article content</html>"
}

Then provide the HTML content.
